Adding Exporter developer guide and reorganizing delfin developer gu… (#131)
sodafoundation/documentation: content/guides/developer-guides/delfin/exporter-developer-guide/_index.md

## Third party exporter integration

SODA Delfin project already contains some [exporters](https://github.com/sodafoundation/delfin/tree/master/delfin/exporter), which can be used as reference by new third party exporter developers.

### Performance metric exporter

* Step 1: Add exporter plugin 'entry points' to the file 'setup.py'.

  ```python

    'delfin.performance.exporters': [
            
            'ThirdParty = delfin.exporter.ThirdParty.exporter:PerformanceExporterThirdParty'
        ]

  ```

* Step 2: Create exporter source code folder under `<delfin path>/delfin/exporters/`

 ```bash
  mkdir -p /path-to-delfin/delfin/exporters/ThirdParty
  touch /path-to-delfin/delfin/exporter/ThirdParty/__init__.py
  ```

* Step 3: Extend base class BaseExporter defined in `<delfin path>/delfin/exporter/base_exporter.py`, to implement a new exporter.

```python
from delfin.exporter import base_exporter

class PerformanceExporterThirParty(base_exporter.BaseExporter):
    def dispatch(self, ctxt, data):
        # Your logic to convert delfin performce model to third party model goes here 

  ```

> Note : Delfin performance data model and example can be find [here](https://github.com/sodafoundation/architecture-analysis/blob/master/arch-design/delfin/PerfomanceMontoringDesign.md#data-model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
Delfin performance data model and example can be find [here](https://github.com/sodafoundation/architecture-analysis/blob/master/arch-design/delfin/PerfomanceMontoringDesign.md#data-model)
{{% /notice %}}
```

Reviewer: Note shortcode

"array_polling" : {

"perf_collection": true,
"interval": 10,
"is_historic":true
}
}

  ```
Ensure performance metrics are dispatched to third party throgh new exporter: 
verfiy from third party platform or through DEBUG print statements in exporter log to confirm the exporter is picked and data is pushed to third party.

Step 7: Raise PR with test reports to Delfin repository.

### Alert data exporter

* Step 1: Add exporter plugin 'entry points' to the file 'setup.py'.

  ```python

    'ThirdParty = delfin.exporter.ThirdParty.exporter'
            ':AlertExporterThirdParty',
        ]

  ```

* Step 2: Create exporter source code folder under `<delfin path>/delfin/exporters/`

  ```bash
  mkdir -p /path-to-delfin/delfin/exporters/ThirdParty
  touch /path-to-delfin/delfin/exporter/ThirdParty/__init__.py
  ```

* Step 3: Extend base class BaseExporter defined in `<delfin path>/delfin/exporter/base_exporter.py`, to implement a new exporter.

```python
from delfin.exporter import base_exporter

class AlertExporterThirParty(base_exporter.BaseExporter):
    def dispatch(self, ctxt, data):
        # Your logic to convert delfin alert model to third party model goes here 

  ```

> Note:  Delfin Alert data model can be refered [here](https://github.com/sodafoundation/architecture-analysis/blob/8549aa6ca5bf7296dedbba7b62ef63e0550a83f2/specs/SIM/alert_manager/SODA_AlertManagerDesign.md#data-model)

Reviewer: similar to above. Put note shortcode

Author: done

* Step 4: Modify Delfin configuration
Thir party platform configurations and exporter class name has to be provided in <path_to_delfin>/etc/delfin/delfin.conf as below.

```python
# Uncomment or add exporters
alert_exporters = AlertExporterThirParty

  ```

* Step 5: Install delfin and start delfin services of api.py, task.py and alert.py.

  ```bash
  cd <delfin directory>
  ./script/start.sh

  ```

* Step 6: Testing

Register storage (fake storage for test)

 ```bash
  
  curl --location --request POST 'http://<delfin_ip>:8190/v1/storages' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
"vendor": "fake_storage",
"model": "fake_driver",
"rest": {
"host" : "10.0.0.1",
"port" : 8078,
"username" : "username",
"password" : "pass"

}
}

  ```
 Sync alerts 

 ```bash
  
  curl --location --request POST 'http://<delfin_ip>:8190/v1/storages/<storage_id>/alerts/sync' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \

--data-raw '{
"begin_time" : 0,
"end_time" : 99999999
}

'
  ```
  

>  Ensure alert datas are dispatched to third party throgh new exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Ensure alert data are dispatched to third party through new exporter
```
